neighbors the horse soap opera is a
potentially multi award-winning series
made in the UK it's possibly the world's
most loved horse a opera and we've got
exclusive behind-the-scenes access to
the team who maybe it's just humanist
human that we think we're better than
animals but we're not you're an idiot
and I hate you who are you going I don't
want to hang out with important for
frozen beard idiot doctor do it or had
it right the back of 90 is now dr.
Judith already paved the way for talking
animals in feature film for it
sorry died off and I think it's it's
time for a new generation of talking
animal acts from scripting to
post-production neighbors has a cast and
crew totaling more than 150 including
over 100 humans they range from top
industry equestrian experts starting
their cats and I figured if he can hold
a cat in holder horse to freelance horse
security personnel well I was working on
neighbors a soap opera was one of the
Horse Guards so if the plant can steal
horses I would have to warn them all or
perhaps shoot them just kind of gently
making sure the hospitai
water them feds and clean I miss them
actually but I think that you will
notice how chilled out what is our and
others do to me
my name's Tina with the team and I make
this coffee or anything really I'm sort
of the tea girl but I like to think of
myself as like a turret baby I think
it's the most important role to be
honest I know the horses are sort of the
star of the show but if people didn't
have tea and they just get cold and no
we want to be there so I think my job is
very deformable I think one of my
favorite days filming was there's a
scene in neighbours where a horse dies a
horse gets killed
sadly the actor who played that is
called Graham he's he's a great actor
but he could not stay still he did his
beautiful death scene he passed away
wonderfully but he couldn't stay dead he
would just keep on getting up so had him
killed
for real sort of that out he was in I
mean he was an idiot his agent was quite
happy the crew involved in preparing the
set for the filming of neighbours is
remarkably dedicated on such a large
scale production it's important that no
detail is overlooked I'm what you would
call the health and safety officer but
obviously on this production and more
the horse and safety officer so we've
got to get the actors across this busy
road get a lot of traffic through here
double-decker buses taxis motorbikes now
go to this field
from the hotel which is just math Miss
Goldberg so what I've had installed is
this crossing now the horses know that
when the light is red they stop the
green means go never show a horse the
Godfather on the set of neighbors the
crew work tirelessly people can think
it's quite glamorous on set and it can
be but it can take the crew days the
three days to set up a shoot and then it
can take a long time to get the right
moments from the actors from the horses
there's a lot of a lot of horse put a
lot of wind a lot of cold involved in
neighbors planning for the afternoon
shoot the early shift crew members begin
set preparation ass together
alright floor with gaffer tape
so when horses know exactly where need
to be in any given scene
I really really like horses I mean I
really like them working to the highest
standards they are meticulous in making
sure every detail is perfect to have
some create a scene in the correct
places to create sort of visual imagery
food much like poo is another thing that
doesn't get overlooked on the set yeah I
think I think the crew worked well
together I know I got on with him really
well I mean sometimes I can get a bit
angry on set just because when you care
that much about a project the passion I
have for neighbors just occasionally
could sort of spill out in an artistic
overflow get out there knows it was good
we bonded as with any major production
neighbors had its fair share of
personalities and egos I'm the stylist
to the filming and the horses oh they
love me I don't touch them of course but
they love me in some shots you see I'll
have the horse facing that way and in
others chops have nitrogen its place for
this way or it could in fact turn and
completely or go like that for added
drama in which case it's just a lead
ready run accident filming is only half
the work the post-production team spend
weeks working on the footage from the
shoot the audio of the finished product
is vital so my role on Labour's is the
Foley artist obviously the loss is very
good at making their own name sounds but
sometimes we have to add that little bit
extra in post-production in the Edit add
a little bit more of the native to this
as part of the project one of Britain's
longest run in choirs was commissioned
to sing an opening theme tune for Novas
during the final stages of editing
they weren't deemed good enough so an
alternative mix was created by music
producer and singer our Kelly very
obviously making the making of the
making of which is why you were
following you are now basically with the
first episode of neighbours ready for
release the PR company arranged for
online TV and radio promotion well it's
been much talked about and I'm
absolutely thrilled to be talking to the
writer and director of neighbours the
horse soap opera Tim Jones hiya Tim
thanks for joining us so what was your
inspiration no one could have predicted
the worldwide success that neighbours
the horse soap opera was set to enjoy
you're showing me a picture on your hand
but for the cast and crew it was a
success well earned
a strap